c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\BusinessSolution.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\BusinessSolution.pdb
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.pdb
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dipesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\mingwm10.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\wkhtmltox0.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\libeay32.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\ssleay32.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Common.Logging.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Pechkin.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Pechkin.Synchronized.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.pdb
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\BusinessSolution.dll
F:\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\BusinessSolution.pdb
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\libeay32.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\mingwm10.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\ssleay32.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\wkhtmltox0.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\BusinessSolution.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\BusinessSolution.pdb
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Pechkin.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Pechkin.Synchronized.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.Migrations.abhishek.resources
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.dll
C:\Users\Dipesh\Documents\GitHub\BusinessSolution\BusinessSolution\obj\Debug\BusinessSolution.pdb
